Bump Polars to v0.41.3 (#917)
elixir-explorer/explorer: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - The `Explorer.Series.pow/2` function does not cast to float when exponent is signed
>   integer anymore. We are following the way Polars works now, which is to try to execute
>   the operation, or raise an exception in case the exponent is negative.
> 
> - When pivoting wider with multiple `:values_from` columns, the name is not going to
>   have the prefix of the `names_from` argument.
> 
> - The `Explorer.Series.substring/3` function no more cycle to the back of string if
>   the negative offset surpass the beginning of that string. In that case, an empty
>   string is returned.
> 
> - All the series functions related to "EWM" are now propagating the `nil` values instead
>   of filling the missing values with the previous one.
> 
> - Saving a dataframe as a Parque file to S3 services no longer works when streaming is
>   enabled. This is temporary due to a bug in Polars. An exception should be raised instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Explorer.Series.pow/2` no longer casts to float when the exponent is a signed
  integer. We are following the way Polars works now, which is to try to execute
  the operation or raise an exception in case the exponent is negative.

- `Explorer.Series.pivot_wider/4` no longer includes the `names_from` column
  name in the new columns when `values_from` is a list of columns. This is more
  consistent with its behaviour when `values_from` is a single column.

- `Explorer.Series.substring/3` no longer cycles to the end of the string if the
  negative offset surpasses the beginning of that string. In that case, an empty
  string is returned.

- The `Explorer.Series.ewm_*` functions no longer replace `nil` values with the
  value at the previous index. They now propogate `nil` values through to the
  result series.

- Saving a dataframe as a Parquet file to S3 services no longer works when
  streaming is enabled. This is temporary due to a bug in Polars. An exception
  should be raised instead.
```
